---
title: Our Team
author: Jayakrishnan S
type: post
date: 2013-01-08T11:53:44+00:00
url: /about-us/2013/01/08/our-team/
categories:
  - About Us

---
## <span id="dropcap-counter-5" class="dropcap type-square" ><span>1</span></span> Management Team

<div class="grid">
  <div class="c-three-fourth ">
    <h3>
      <strong>Shahid N. Shah</strong><span class="per-des">Chief Executive Officer</span>
    </h3>
    
    <p>
      Shahid is an expert at discovering practical technology solutions to real-world business initiatives, especially in the government, healthcare and financial services industries. His expertise includes standards development, enterprise architecture analysis and design, interoperability planning, legacy modernization, and related work.
    </p>
    
    <p>
      He&#8217;s worked at NIH on standards, Executive Office of the President (White House) and OMB on helping define the needs for standards, and at various commercial healthcare firms like CardinalHealth and COMSYS. In addition to working with C-Suite executives he continues to help engineering teams with architecture and development advice.
    </p>
    
    <p>
      He is an influential thought leader and a winner of Federal Computer Weeks coveted Fed 100 award given to IT experts that have made a big impact in the government and runs three successful blogs.
    </p>
  </div>
  
  <div class="c-one-fourth ">
    <div class="twitter">
      <ul class="tweets">
        <li>
          <div class="tweet">
            <p class="tweet-text">
            </p>
            
            <p class="meta">
              <a href="http://twitter.com/shahidnshah/status/" rel="bookmark">12:00 am, January 1, 1970</a>
            </p>
          </div>
        </li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>
        <a href="http://twitter.com/shahidnshah"><span>Follow @shahidnshah</span></a>
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="divider type-simple">
</div>

<div class="grid">
  <div class="c-three-fourth ">
    <h3>
      <strong>Amir Jafri</strong><span class="per-des"> Principal Partner, EVP</span>
    </h3>
    
    <p>
      Amir has over 25+ years of experience in healthcare technology leading businesses and innovation. Amir has worked as a senior executive at Fortune 500 companies and various startups serving all aspects of the healthcare industry. He has managed global operations and business units with over $750M in annual revenue and has been responsible for leading innovation and managing projects with hundreds of employees in Europe, Asia, and North America.
    </p>
    
    <p>
      Most recently he was COO of West Wireless Health Institute (WWHI) where he led the establishment of the Institute through a $100M grant and was responsible for establishing innovation based business concepts. Prior to WWHI Amir was with Cardinal Health ($90B in annual revenues NYSE: CAH) for 7 years in their clinical technology businesses which included medical devices, clinical software, and research based initiatives. At Cardinal Amir held various titles ranging from VP Innovation, Office of CTO, VP/GM of Clinical & Health Technology Solutions, VP of R&D. Similar to WWHI, Amir also led the Innovation effort at Cardinal in the areas of next generation healthcare devices and clinical solutions with new business model concepts.
    </p>
    
    <p>
      As part of the Innovation effort, he expanded the company&#8217;s footprint in new areas of business and fostered new operational methods and delivery models with outside partners in a regulated environment (FDA). Prior to joining Cardinal Amir was Senior Vice President/GM of Healthcare at Comsys Information Technologies division of Manpower, Inc. (NYSE: MAN) where managed all healthcare accounts, sales and business development across their 42 nationwide offices. Early in his career prior to Comsys Amir founded and exited various startups in the healthcare field focusing on enterprise technology and clinical services to hospitals, payers, and physicians. Amir has a Bachelors Degree with a double major in Chemistry and Biology from Houston Baptist University and attended University of Texas Medical School in San Antonio with 2 years of coursework.
    </p>
  </div>
  
  <div class="c-one-fourth ">
    <div class="twitter">
      <ul class="tweets">
        <li>
          <div class="tweet">
            <p class="tweet-text">
            </p>
            
            <p class="meta">
              <a href="http://twitter.com/amirjafri/status/" rel="bookmark">12:00 am, January 1, 1970</a>
            </p>
          </div>
        </li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>
        <a href="http://twitter.com/amirjafri"><span>Follow @amirjafri</span></a>
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="divider type-simple">
</div>

<div class="grid">
  <div class="c-three-fourth ">
    <h3>
      <strong>Gunjan Siroya</strong> <span class="per-des">Principal Partner, SVP</span>
    </h3>
    
    <p>
      Gunjan has 20+ years of experience as global business executive who blends innovative business development, technology, business operations, partner management, marketing and product management strategies to generate revenue and profit growth. Gunjan has helped build collaborative relationships, organizational capability, managed P&L and optimized bottom-line and has deep knowledge of technology services business applying multiple delivery models like Cloud / SaaS, Outsourced and staffing. Most recently, Gunjan was P&L head of Consumer Electronics vertical at HCL Technologies, a $4.5 B global organization, where he led the establishment of the Consumer Electronics business unit. Prior to that, Gunjan has led I.T., Engineering, Infrastructure and Business Process Outsourcing business units across Medical Devices, Payer and Healthcare, Retail, Financial Services and other industries. Gunjan has also ventured into entrepreneurship, leading product development and management of e-Commerce and online solution based business. Gunjan has an Engineering Degree in Digital Electronics.
    </p>
  </div>
  
  <div class="c-one-fourth ">
    <div class="twitter">
      <ul class="tweets">
        <li>
          <div class="tweet">
            <p class="tweet-text">
            </p>
            
            <p class="meta">
              <a href="http://twitter.com/Gsiroya/status/" rel="bookmark">12:00 am, January 1, 1970</a>
            </p>
          </div>
        </li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>
        <a href="http://twitter.com/Gsiroya"><span>Follow @Gsiroya</span></a>
      </p>
    </div>
    
    <p>
      Connect on<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/gunjansiroya" target="_blank"> linkedin </a>
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="divider type-simple">
</div>

<div class="grid">
  <div class="c-three-fourth ">
    <h3>
      <strong>Rashid N. Shah</strong><span class="per-des">Vice President</span>
    </h3>
    
    <p>
      Rashid is a Project Management Professional and has a strong background in managing and growing IT service organizations. He is responsible for managing all operational functions and overseeing the strategic direction of the company and our clients. His focus is enabling our clients success through the next generation of industry-leading solutions.
    </p>
    
    <p>
      Rashid has worked as a Program Manager and IT Strategist with several Government clients including NIH and the VA. He has helped incorporate common approach methodologies including SEI CMMI Level 3 practices with organizational standards such as Program Management Accountability System and Enterprise Performance Life Cycle. He has concentrated his efforts in customer relationship management that aligns the functions of Change Management, Operations & Maintenance, and Software Development.
    </p>
    
    <p>
      He has been awarded several commendations from the Director of Veterans Health Administration Web Communications Office. He is also a recipient of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) Star Award from the Director of NIH Center for Scientific Review.
    </p>
  </div>
  
  <div class="c-one-fourth ">
    <div class="twitter">
      <ul class="tweets">
        <li>
          <div class="tweet">
            <p class="tweet-text">
            </p>
            
            <p class="meta">
              <a href="http://twitter.com/rashidnshah/status/" rel="bookmark">12:00 am, January 1, 1970</a>
            </p>
          </div>
        </li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>
        <a href="http://twitter.com/rashidnshah"><span>Follow @rashidnshah</span></a>
      </p>
    </div>
    
    <p>
      &nbsp;
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

### 

<div class="divider type-simple">
</div>

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

### 

## <span id="dropcap-counter-6" class="dropcap type-square" ><span>2</span></span>Analyst and Consulting Team

<div class="grid">
  <div class="c-three-fourth ">
    <h3>
      <strong>Naeem Hashmi </strong>
    </h3>
    
    <div id="testimonial-counter-8" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
      <div class="inner">
        <p>
          Naeem Hashmi is a thought leader, industry analyst, entrepreneurial and result oriented Information technology executive with innovative leadership style to vision, architect, plan and implement highly scalable and sustainable Informatics and Business Intelligence solution; Healthcare Integration Hubs; secure portals for Physicians, Nurses, and Care Givers; craft Digital Enterprise model, enterprise architectures and legacy migration roadmaps; lead acquisitions/mergers/Joint ventures business integration initiatives;build and lead innovative organization and teams to deliver results.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          Most recently, Naeem served as CIO/CTO for a Behavioral Health treatment startup by Harvard researchers. Earlier, Naeem served as Vice President, Knowledge Management and Informatics at Fresenius Medical Care, North America, a$35B global company.Naeem visioned, architected and led implementation of largest real-timeclinical big data informatics and analytics platform as well as led implementation of America&#8217;s largest real-time clinical integration hub supporting 2500+ EHRs, Billing and other ancillary systems and 25000+ dialysis devices serving 2000+ clinics across the America. Naeem was a core member of Enterprise Security, Compliance, Clinical Quality and Audit steering committees. Naeem led development of several clinical systems such as Doctor&#8217;s Portals, Patient Safety, and Adverse Events, Bundle payment analytics, Business Risk management analytics to support M&A initiatives, etc.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          Naeem is a board member of startups and advises fortune 500 companies in defining Digital Enterprise, IT strategies, product assessments and serves as advisor to startups in defining product strategies and roadmaps. Naeem also holds workshops and have given lectures at MIT-Harvard Healthcare Innovation courses as well as Harvard Medical School on innovative Informatics/Analytics design strategies.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          Naeem is a member of CIO-CHIME, HiMSS, and AMIA. He serves a Judge for CIO innovative leadership awards for CHIME, HIMSS, AHA and MIT Sloan, as well as a judge the first Massachusetts Health Data Datapalooza competition. At present, Naeem is writing his next book titled Informatics and Analytics Design Strategies. Naeem advises Graduate students on their research projects. His present research areas are Psyche Mining and Comparative Effectiveness Research.
        </p>
        
        <div class="meta helper">
          &#8220;
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  
  <div class="c-one-fourth ">
    <p>
      &nbsp;
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="divider type-simple">
</div>

<div class="grid">
  <div class="c-three-fourth ">
    <h3>
      <strong>Andrew G. Barnett</strong>
    </h3>
    
    <div id="testimonial-counter-9" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
      <div class="inner">
        <p>
          Andrew has spent most of his professional career as a CEO overseeing all strategic, operational, financial and regulatory needs of public and privately held companies, from start-up to mature enterprises. As a consultant, his clients have included operating companies, PE firms and lenders.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          During the last seven years, as CEO, Andrew directed the rollout of two healthcare companies. His efforts included the design and implementation of strategies that led to the establishment of true national practices from localized platforms, accomplished through organic growth and targeted acquisitions.To support this growth, Andrew created and developed the corporate infrastructure:accounting, marketing, revenue cycle, clinical operations, corporate finance and development, HR and IT, and the processes and systems necessary to service rapidly-growing organizations.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          Andrew has led numerous debt and equity offerings to fund operations, capex and acquisition programs. Most recently, Andrew led a $100 million senior debt financing for a clinical services company to complement the equity infusion being used to acquire seven practices in different parts of the country. These acquisitions will create a national provider with over 400 clinicians in 15 states.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          In addition to healthcare, Andrew has substantial experience in several industry verticals including consumer products, services, distribution, retail and manufacturing. He has led the design and implementation of plans that resulted in significant changes to companies strategic positioning, operating and financial performance. Andrew has travelled extensively in the United States, Mexico, England, Asia and Dubai on behalf of companies he has run.
        </p>
        
        <div class="meta helper">
          &#8220;
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  
  <div class="c-one-fourth ">
    <p>
      &nbsp;
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="divider type-simple">
</div>

<div class="grid">
  <div class="c-three-fourth ">
    <h3>
      <strong>Harish Vajja</strong>
    </h3>
    
    <div id="testimonial-counter-10" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
      <div class="inner">
        <p>
          Harish is an expert software architect with a strong focus in Microsoft Technologies. He is our chief expert in Microsoft .NET platform and has implemented Content Management Server and SharePoint for several key clients. He has been among our best consultants in varying disciplines including healthcare, telecom, software development, financial and banking as well as education.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          Harish has developed and designed various mission critical applications at NIH CSR which have aided the scientific staff to conduct their peer review process. He continues to play a critical role in Enterprise Architecture and IT Strategic Planning, working alongside the CIO.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          He has received an abundance of awards at NIH CSR, including three Director&#8217;s Awards and 10 Gold Star awards. He was the recipient of the honored Employee of the Year at Ascentium Corporation, a Microsoft Goldstar Partner.
        </p>
        
        <div class="meta helper">
          &#8220;
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  
  <div class="c-one-fourth ">
    <p>
      &nbsp;
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="divider type-simple">
</div>

<div class="grid">
  <div class="c-three-fourth ">
    <h3>
      <strong>Tim Gee</strong>
    </h3>
    
    <h3>
    </h3>
    
    <div id="testimonial-counter-11" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
      <div class="inner">
        <p>
          Tim has 25 years of experience with care delivery processes, therapeutic and diagnostic modalities in most clinical areas, in addition to e-health connectivity between physicians, hospitals and payors. Areas of expertise include wireless medical devices, converged medical device/enterprise networks, requirements elicitation, regulatory strategy, connectivity, interoperability, diagnostic and point of care workflows, and patient flow optimization.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          Tim has served providers and vendors, including: Abbott Point of Care, ACIST/Bracco Diagnostics, Ascom, Awarepoint, Baxter Healthcare, Biotronik, Capsule Technologie, Cardinal Health, Cisco, Ekahau, Emergin, GE Healthcare, GlobeStar Systems, Hill-Rom, Intel Digital Health, Providence Health, Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital, Spectrum Health, Stryker, Virtua Health, Welch Allyn and others. He is currently an advisor to two startups.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          Tim speaks frequently at industry conferences and corporate events. He has spoken at the AAMI Conference, Healthcare Unbound (for 4 years), Collegiate Entrepreneurship Venture Forum, Remote Service Infrastructure conference, and Optimizing Observation Patient Management conference. He also speaks at national sales meetings and user group meetings.
        </p>
        
        <div class="meta helper">
          &#8220;
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  
  <div class="c-one-fourth ">
    <p>
      &nbsp;
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="divider type-simple">
</div>

<div class="grid">
  <div class="c-three-fourth ">
    <h3>
      <strong>David Hoglund</strong>
    </h3>
    
    <h3>
    </h3>
    
    <div id="testimonial-counter-12" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
      <div class="inner">
        <p>
          David Hoglund is globally recognized healthcare, medical device and RF engineering expert and works with Netspective in a variety of engineering, integration and regulatory disciplines. Many in the medical device and wireless healthcare community rely upon his diverse technical prowess coupled with field experience in the wireless and mobility space. He has helped to test, design, and integrate both on a device and enterprise level. This has included embedded 802.11a/b/g/n, GSM/GPRS, Zigbee, RFID, data, voice, and medical device integration with proper quality of service and security. In addition, this design experience has also extended to all areas of in-building 2G/3G/4G, and public safety coverage from the macro environment. He also writes very technical white papers, case studies, and test plans for all wireless technology requirements.
        </p>
        
        <div class="meta helper">
          &#8220;
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  
  <div class="c-one-fourth ">
    <p>
      &nbsp;
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<div>
  <div>
    <p>
      <div class="divider type-simple">
      </div>
      
      <br /> 
      
      <div class="grid">
        <div class="c-three-fourth ">
          <h3>
            <strong>Michael Stuart</strong>
          </h3>
          
          <h3>
          </h3>
          
          <div id="testimonial-counter-13" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
            <div class="inner">
              <p>
                Mike&#8217;s experience in the technology industry is quite extensive. During his career, he has had the good fortune of serving both as a designer of complex enterprise applications and as a corporate executive. In his previous life, Mike was founder, CEO, and Chairman of the Board of AssetWorks Inc., now a division of a fortune 500 company and the industry leader in facility management solutions. Mike now enjoys helping organizations better serve their customers leveraging Internet technologies.
              </p>
              
              <p>
                Mike served as an Air Force Officer in Electronic Intelligence with a top secret security clearance; is a Google Certified Partner and Microsoft Certified Partner. Mike has a BSEE from Ohio State University.
              </p>
              
              <div class="meta helper">
                &#8220;
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
        </div></p> 
        
        <div class="c-one-fourth ">
          <p>
            &nbsp;
          </p>
          
          <p>
            &nbsp;
          </p>
        </div>
      </div>
      
      <div>
        <div class="divider type-simple">
        </div>
      </div>
      
      <div class="grid">
        <div class="c-three-fourth ">
          <h3>
            <strong>Jeremy Hulick</strong>
          </h3>
          
          <h3>
          </h3>
          
          <div id="testimonial-counter-14" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
            <div class="inner">
              <p>
                Jeremy is a senior web developer with strong expertise in open source development with Java/JEE, Ruby/Ruby on Rails, Javascript, and CSS/HTML. He has developed critical applications at the Executive Office of the President (OMB and OA), and has worked as a Netspective consultant with Cardinal Health and Northrop Grumman.
              </p>
              
              <p>
                Prior to Netspective, Jeremy was a consultant for Oracle, and Northrop Grumman. Furthermore, he has worked in various capacities with the United States Intelligence Community at the Department of State, Defense Intelligence Agency, and Federal Bureau of Investigation
              </p>
              
              <div class="meta helper">
                &#8220;
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
        </div>
        
        <div class="c-one-fourth ">
          <p>
            &nbsp;
          </p>
        </div>
      </div></div> 
      
      <p>
        <strong><br /> </strong>
      </p></div> 
      
      <div>
        <div class="divider type-simple">
        </div>
        
        <div class="grid">
          <div class="c-three-fourth ">
            <h3>
              <strong>John Trenouth</strong>
            </h3>
            
            <h3>
            </h3>
            
            <div id="testimonial-counter-15" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
              <div class="inner">
                <p>
                  John has a Masters degree in design from Carnegie Mellon University and has spent over 15 years in user experience design. For the last 6 years he has focused almost exclusively on healthcare. His work has ranged from user research to hardware and software prototyping for both embedded systems and web applications. He has studied and designed solutions for patients, practice administrators, lab technicians, pharmacists, nurses, and doctors.
                </p>
                
                <div class="meta helper">
                  &#8220;
                </div>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
          
          <div class="c-one-fourth ">
            <p>
              &nbsp;
            </p>
          </div>
        </div>
        
        <div class="divider type-simple">
        </div>
        
        <div class="grid">
          <div class="c-three-fourth ">
            <h3>
              <strong>Jason Hull</strong>
            </h3>
            
            <h3>
            </h3>
            
            <div id="testimonial-counter-16" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
              <div class="inner">
                <p>
                  Jason is an engineering professional that specializes in the development and implementation of applied mathematical solutions that leverage the state-of-the-art in neural network modeling,optimization methods, control, and signal processing technologies. For over thirteen years, he has been providing enabling technologies for the medical instrumentation and aerospace community.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  Jason strives to bridge the gap between academia and industry to provide unique mathematical solutions in applications as varied as active vibration control for rotary aircraft, re-entry path planning for reusable space vehicles, control of magnetic bearings, and advanced signal processing for precision medical monitoring and diagnostic systems. In this capacity, Jason has demonstrated success in technical leadership and project management for both Government and private industry customers. This success spans all aspects of the product design cycle from concept to product testing and deployment.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  Jason has authored multiple journal and conference papers and is an inventor (or co-inventor) of several US patents. The varied technologies covered by these publications and patents are collectively an indicator of the depth and breadth of his technical experience.
                </p>
                
                <div class="meta helper">
                  &#8220;
                </div>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
          
          <br /> 
          
          <div class="c-one-fourth ">
            <p>
              &nbsp;
            </p>
          </div>
        </div></p> 
        
        <div class="divider type-simple">
        </div>
        
        <div class="grid">
          <div class="c-three-fourth ">
            <h3>
              <a href="https://pills24h.com/buy-doxycycline-online-without-prescription/">buy doxycycline</a>, <a href="http://prestige-pharmacy.com/buy-zithromax-online/">purchase zithromax</a> <strong>Jeffrey Monaco</strong>
            </h3>
            
            <h3>
            </h3>
            
            <div id="testimonial-counter-17" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
              <div class="inner">
                <p>
                  Jeffrey is an engineering professional and applied mathematician with significant, diverse experience in signal processing methods, optimization, estimation, and control algorithms, and physics-based modeling. His expertise spans ideas and concept formulation to embedded software and firmware implementations in research medical instruments, clinical medical device prototypes, and aerospace guidance, navigation, and control systems.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  Jeffrey has served as a technical expert and key contributor to several advanced medical device production efforts, and has a demonstrated ability to integrate effectively into multidisciplinary teams required to field such advanced monitoring and diagnostics systems. He also has an established history of success in technical leadership and project management for numerous advanced technology demonstration efforts for Government and industry customers in applications as varied as scientific software for data analysis and visualization to adaptive, real-time control and performance monitoring of high performance aircraft and their subsystems.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  Jeffrey is an inventor (or co-inventor) on several US patents and pending patents. The varied technologies covered by these patents are collectively an indicator of the depth and breadth of his technical experience.
                </p>
                
                <div class="meta helper">
                  &#8220;
                </div>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
          
          <div class="c-one-fourth ">
            <p>
              &nbsp;
            </p>
          </div>
        </div>
        
        <p>
          <strong><br /> </strong>
          
          <div class="divider type-simple">
          </div>
        </p>
        
        <div class="grid">
          <div class="c-three-fourth ">
            <h3>
              <strong>Sarji R Mohammedali</strong>
            </h3>
            
            <h3>
            </h3>
            
            <div id="testimonial-counter-18" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
              <div class="inner">
                <p>
                  Sarji is an accomplished IT professional backed by 19 years of diverse experience in Program & Project Management, Infrastructure & Operations Management, People Management, Research, Product Development & Engineering, Technology Management, Application development, Information security and Quality Management across a broad spectrum of verticals in the IT industry. He has successfully & effectively handled various roles covering Head of Software Development Divisions, Program/Project manager, Technical/solution architect, Systems/Network Manager, Project Leader/ Lead software Engineer positions. He has managed and architected multiple software product suites comprising of technologies including VoIP, Web collaboration, IP telephony, IVR, Wireless, Mobile, Cloud services, Web & Database technologies and managed projects in open source as well as proprietary technology platforms.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  He has experience managing multiple project teams and groups across distributed global environments. He has successfully managed IT divisions in India, with staff strengths ranging up to 140, comprising of Project managers, Business Analysts, IT technical teams, Quality Assurance & Control and Administrative Staff.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  He has excellent exposure to technology management/system integration projects involving multi-vendor hardware, software customization, Software as Service (Saas), OEM models, outsourcing and onshore-offshore software development models. Sarji is a postgraduate with an MBA degree and holds an Engineering degree in Computer Science. He is also a post graduate diploma holder in Software Marketing.
                </p>
                
                <div class="meta helper">
                  &#8220;
                </div>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
          
          <div class="c-one-fourth ">
            <p>
              &nbsp;
            </p>
          </div>
        </div>
        
        <p>
          <strong><br /> </strong>
          
          <div class="divider type-simple">
          </div>
        </p>
        
        <div class="grid">
          <div class="c-three-fourth ">
            <h3>
              <strong>Abdul Razak P M</strong>
            </h3>
            
            <h3>
            </h3>
            
            <div id="testimonial-counter-19" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
              <div class="inner">
                <p>
                  Abdul Razak is a scrupulous, highly skilled software professional with more than 13 years of experience as software architect/ project lead. He is open minded and goal-focused with excellent project management skills. He is enthusiastic and motivated by new challenges and tasks, and ensures success in all his projects by meticulous planning and a well balanced approach. He possesses a deep knowledge of the International healthcare industry and is highly skilled in delivering online services with hundreds of concurrent users. He has also a good conceptual knowledge and working of the Enterprise Application Integration realms.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  Razak is well experienced in web-based secure business software solutions based on Web 2.0 and Service Oriented Architectures (SOA), using Java/JEE . His areas of expertise includes ESB,Web services with REST API, JMS,Spring, Hibernate, Ajax, Weblogic, Tomcat, ETL, Oracle, Elasticsearch, Couch base and the like.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  He has won several accolades in project management. He was the project lead of the team that achieved the first place in the United Nations Public Service Award (UNPSA-2010) and also bagged the first Sultan Qaboos Award for Excellence in eGovernment 2010(Sultanate of Oman.)
                </p>
                
                <div class="meta helper">
                  &#8220;
                </div>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
          
          <div class="c-one-fourth ">
            <p>
              &nbsp;
            </p>
          </div>
        </div>
        
        <p>
          <strong><br /> </strong>
          
          <div class="divider type-simple">
          </div>
        </p>
        
        <div class="grid">
          <div class="c-three-fourth ">
            <h3>
              <strong>Ajay K. Nair</strong>
            </h3>
            
            <h3>
            </h3>
            
            <div id="testimonial-counter-20" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
              <div class="inner">
                <p>
                  With over 16 years of experience, Ajay is an exceptional creative project manager who has successfully delivered projects to completion with his meticulous planning. Ajay is a seasoned user experience specialist, highly skilled at creating easy-to-use, innovative and effective user interfaces. He has exceptional visual and conceptional problem solving skills. Being a combination of creative, graphic design, and technical skills, he brings a high-level of design sensibility with the ability to produce and direct a variety of creative on-target solutions to any given problem.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  He has managed and delivered interactive solutions that have resulted in successful projects for many renowned organizations in USA. From traditional graphic design to interactive media, Ajay excels in bringing innovation and expertise needed for successful visual communication.
                </p>
                
                <div class="meta helper">
                  &#8220;
                </div>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
          
          <div class="c-one-fourth ">
            <p>
              &nbsp;
            </p>
          </div>
        </div>
        
        <div class="divider type-simple">
        </div>
        
        <div class="grid">
          <div class="c-three-fourth ">
            <h3>
              <strong>Anup V Antony</strong>
            </h3>
            
            <h3>
            </h3>
            
            <div id="testimonial-counter-21" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
              <div class="inner">
                <p>
                  Anup is an ambitious professional with more than 10 years of experience and has held various roles like developer, Tech Lead, Tech Architect and Project Manager. He possesses exceptional managerial skills to help motivate the team to accomplish the project level goals. In addition to being interested in new technologies and being motivated by new challenges,he has exceptional skills in customer management and production support activities. He has a good knowledge and exposure to the Financial and Healthcare domain.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  He has a rich and diverse technical expertise which includes Java/JEE , EJB, web services , JMS,JDBC,JNDI, Swing, RMI, XML, XSL, Struts 2.0 and front servlet frameworks, Ajax and the like. He possesses a good knowledge in application servers like Tomcat, WebSphere and in the content management system, Vignette. Being a Certified Scrum Master(CSM), he is proficient in handling SCRUM projects.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  Prior to the current position, he had been working in the capacity of Tech Architect and Project Manager for the client AMEX in the United States of America.
                </p>
                
                <div class="meta helper">
                  &#8220;
                </div>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
          
          <div class="c-one-fourth ">
            <p>
              &nbsp;
            </p>
          </div>
        </div>
        
        <div class="divider type-simple">
        </div>
        
        <div class="grid">
          <div class="c-three-fourth ">
            <h3>
              <strong>Mary J John</strong>
            </h3>
            
            <h3>
            </h3>
            
            <div id="testimonial-counter-22" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
              <div class="inner">
                <p>
                  Mary has more than 13 years of experience in the IT industry leading small to moderate sized teams. She is specialized in evaluating business processes and requirements, researching best fit options, tools, technologies and processes for various types of projects. She is proficient in Project, Quality and Process Management processes with experience implementing them in teams depending on the organization requirements.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  With a good knowledge of Agile, waterfall and iterative methodologies and a thorough knowledge of SDLC, she has successfully set up processes for companies and has ensured projects to completion using the processes.Having been actively involved in every phase of the SDLC from requirements gathering, design, analysis, implementation, testing up unto documentation and maintenance, she has held various roles as business analyst, project manager, project lead, team lead, QA lead and senior software engineer in different organizations specializing in employee benefit management, wireless, web collaboration, web and database technologies.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  Mary holds an Engineering degree in Computer Science and is also a PMP holder.
                </p>
                
                <div class="meta helper">
                  &#8220;
                </div>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
          
          <div class="c-one-fourth ">
            <p>
              &nbsp;
            </p>
          </div>
        </div>
        
        <div class="divider type-simple">
        </div>
        
        <div class="grid">
          <div class="c-three-fourth ">
            <h3>
              <strong>Meghana R Thangaraj</strong>
            </h3>
            
            <h3>
            </h3>
            
            <div id="testimonial-counter-23" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
              <div class="inner">
                <p>
                  An excellent IT professional with more than 10 years of experience, Meghana has a deep background in analysis, design, development and testing of applications. She has proved to be a consistent performer and has managed and guided projects right from inception to its delivery, thus having an extensive experience in project management, software design principles, and catering to individual customer needs and requirements. She has a solid record of team leadership, with notable skills to mentor team members and bringing out the best in them. She was involved in the development of JDBC drivers, which had won certifications and was considered to be one among the best in the world. She has managed and led multiple teams, on various projects which include IVR applications, SMS gateway, WAP gateway, VoIP applications, Unified Communication and Collaboration and EII applications. She has extensive experience in data modeling. She has proven abilities in research and analysis and she enjoys exploring new technologies and the challenges it offers.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  She holds a Masters in Computer Applications, and is a PMP holder.
                </p>
                
                <div class="meta helper">
                  &#8220;
                </div>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
          
          <div class="c-one-fourth ">
            <p>
              &nbsp;
            </p>
          </div>
        </div>
        
        <div class="divider type-simple">
        </div>
        
        <div class="grid">
          <div class="c-three-fourth ">
            <h3>
              <strong>Raphael V P</strong>
            </h3>
            
            <h3>
            </h3>
            
            <div id="testimonial-counter-24" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
              <div class="inner">
                <p>
                  With more than 12 years of professional expertise in the software industry, Raphael is proficient in the development of software for embedded systems, desktop applications, enterprise server applications and web applications.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  His technical expertise includes C, C++, Java and C# on various development environments. He has a good exposure to agile development methodologies and project management. His domain expertise spans areas like Bluetooth, Enterprise Architecture Integration, Information System Security and the like. He is interested in learning new technologies and solving challenging problems using technology.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  His previous experience also involves working with Microsoft, India, in developing their Enterprise Application Integration platform.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  Raphael holds an engineering degree in Computer Science and a post graduate degree in Information System Security.
                </p>
                
                <div class="meta helper">
                  &#8220;
                </div>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
          
          <div class="c-one-fourth ">
            <p>
              &nbsp;
            </p>
          </div>
        </div>
        
        <div class="divider type-simple">
        </div>
        
        <div class="grid">
          <div class="c-three-fourth ">
            <h3>
              <strong>Febin Joy</strong>
            </h3>
            
            <h3>
            </h3>
            
            <div id="testimonial-counter-25" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
              <div class="inner">
                <p>
                  Febin holds a Masters degree in Computer Applications and has more than 10 years of experience as Software Architect/Tech Lead. His exceptional analytical and problem solving skills and out of the box thinking has helped him to achieve success in all the projects he has handled. He is an innovative leader with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. His perfectionist and methodical nature has helped him in ensuring high quality of deliverables by establishing and following the best practices. He is quick in learning new technologies and is always updated on the current and emerging trends.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  Febin is extensively experienced in OOAD development with expertise in programming languages like &#8211; Visual C# .Net, VC++, C++, Java and GDI+. He is proficient in designing and developing Windows applications, Web applications and Device Drivers which includes the development of Client Applications and WIA(Windows Image Acquisition) Driver for MFPs(Multi-Function Peripherals) and in procuring WHCK Certification for the same from Microsoft.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  Having worked for years with Japanese and German clients from both offshore and on onsite locations, he has gained a vast exposure in customer interaction and requirement gathering. His experience spans across the development of SOA applications(Service Oriented Applications) and DSLs(Domain Specific Languages). He possesses a good domain knowledge in International Healthcare.
                </p>
                
                <p>
                  During his tenure with a leading MNC, he has won a CSAT(Customer Satisfactory Index) score of 7/7 for 4 consecutive years for the projects he was handling.
                </p>
                
                <div class="meta helper">
                  &#8220;
                </div>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
          
          <div class="c-one-fourth ">
            <p>
              &nbsp;
            </p>
          </div>
        </div>
        
        <div>
          <div>
            <div class="divider type-simple">
            </div>
            
            <div class="grid">
              <div class="c-three-fourth ">
                <h3>
                  <strong>Geo V L</strong>
                </h3>
                
                <h3>
                </h3>
                
                <div id="testimonial-counter-26" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
                  <div class="inner">
                    <p>
                      Geo is a highly skilled software engineer with more than 6 years of experience in the IT industry. He has excellent exposure to PHP, MySQL, Drupal, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS/HTML,Mirth Connect and other open source development technologies including Cross Domain API Implementation and Widgets. He has strong analysis, problem solving and testing skills. Being self motivated, he has an ardent drive and desire to create new things. He is a terrific engineer that saturnine quality code within the expected project timelines. His ability to understand requirements, turn those requirements into designs that he can communicate with the client and then turn them into implementations is great. His ability to quickly research and learn new technologies to get familiar with new development environments is of exceptional value.
                    </p>
                    
                    <p>
                      Geo holds a Masters degree in Computer Applications.
                    </p>
                    
                    <div class="meta helper">
                      &#8220;
                    </div>
                  </div>
                </div>
              </div>
              
              <div class="c-one-fourth ">
              </div>
            </div>
            
            <div class="divider type-simple">
            </div>
            
            <div class="grid">
              <div class="c-three-fourth ">
                <h3>
                  <strong>Ratheesh K R</strong>
                </h3>
                
                <h3>
                </h3>
                
                <div id="testimonial-counter-27" class="testimonial type-bubble size-small" >
                  <div class="inner">
                    <p>
                      Ratheesh is an expert software professional with proven success in enterprise planning, management, web applications development, mobile applications development and in e-commerce applications. He has over 8 years of experience in the industry including 2 years as a team leader leading cross-functional multi-disciplinary teams in developing and sustaining leading edge business enterprise initiatives and coordinating end to end enterprise models. With his effective guidance style and excellent communication skills, Ratheesh has a firm history of building high performing teams and successfully delivering high quality cost effective products on time.
                    </p>
                    
                    <p>
                      He has proved his expertise in JavaScript, AngularJS, jQuery, Twitter bootstrap, PHP, Open Cart, Drupal, MySQL, REST API, Swagger, CSS3,HTML 5 and server configurations.
                    </p>
                    
                    <div class="meta helper">
                      &#8220;
                    </div>
                  </div>
                </div>
              </div>
              
              <div class="c-one-fourth ">
              </div>
            </div>
            
            <p>
              <strong>
              
              <div class="divider-top meta">
                <a class="meta" href="#">Top</a>
                
                <div>
                </div>
              </div>
              
              <br /> </strong>
            </p>
          </div>
          
          <p>
            <strong><br /> </strong>
          </p>
        </div>
        
        <p>
          <strong><br /> </strong>
        </p>
      </div>
      
      <p>
        <strong><br /> </strong>
      </p>